README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Fix bug in login functionality***
***Add validation for user input***

***Refactor code for better performance***

***Update README with installation instructions***

***Fix typo in variable name***

***Add error handling for database connection***

***Update CSS styles for better user experience***

***Remove unused import statements***

***Fix alignment issue in UI***

***Add unit tests for new feature

README.md, after:

## Picturyun

**Summary**

Picturyun is a web application that allows users to share and view images. It is powered by Next.js and offers features such as image uploading, user authentication, and image search.

**Functionality:**

- Users can easily upload images to the platform.
- There is a user authentication system that allows users to create accounts and log in.
- Once logged in, users can create albums to organize their images.
- The image search feature enables users to find images based on keywords or tags.
- Users can like and comment on images.

**Technologies Used:**

- **Frontend:** Next.js, React, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS.
- **Backend:** Node.js, Supabase.
- **Infrastructure:** Vercel.

**Development Setup:**

1. Install Node.js and npm.
2. Clone the repository.
3. Run `npm install`.
4. Run `npm run dev` to start the development server.

**Deployment:**

To deploy the application, run `npm run build` to build the static files, then push them to your hosting provider.

**License:**

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
